Support for selecting and enabling specific tunes in ImageTool (#269)
editor-js/image: README.md

| buttonContent | `string` | Allows to override HTML content of «Select file» button |
| uploader | `{{uploadByFile: function, uploadByUrl: function}}` | Optional custom uploading methods. See details below. |
| actions | `array` | Array with custom actions to show in the tool's settings menu. See details below. |

> | features | `object` | Allows you to enable/disable tunes along with caption. See details below. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| features | `object` | Allows you to enable/disable additional features such as border, background tunes and caption. See details below. |
```

]
```

> Enable required tunes and caption by adding `features`-array in the configuration:

Reviewer: `features` is designed not only for `tunes`. it is wider

```js
features: {
  background: true,
  border: false,
  caption: true,
  stretched: true
}
```

> **_NOTE:_**  return value of `action` callback for settings whether action button should be toggled or not is *deprecated*. Consider using `toggle` option instead.

Reviewer: this note should be above the part about "features"

**_NOTE:_**  return value of `action` callback for settings whether action button should be toggled or not is *deprecated*. Consider using `toggle` option instead.

> Enable features such as border, background tunes and caption by adding `features`-array in the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable/disable features such as border, background tunes and caption by adding `features` array in the configuration:
```

```js
features: {
  background: boolean,
  border: boolean,

>   caption: boolean | 'optional',

Reviewer: describe `boolean | 'optional'` behavior below

| -------------- | --------- | ------------------------------- |
| file           | `object`  | Uploaded file data. Any data got from backend uploader. Always contain the `url` property |
| caption        | `string`  | image's caption                 |
| border         | `boolean` | add border to image             |

> | background     | `boolean` | need to add background          |

Reviewer: this names should not be changed, previous names was ok and widely used

Reviewer: only "features" should have short notation since there are features listed, not tunes or image properties
